13
|||
1.9 Update-
Removed - KodiVerse due to developer stopping support for it
Added -  Asgard, M.E.T.V., Fights On Demand Stand Alone Addons
Added - WatchNixToons2 addon
Added - XFavs addon and added it was a hidden widget in favs tab
Added - Shazam Search to submenu in movies. This is a Exodus/Oath fork 
Moved - Some submenu items
Changed - Color scheme/theme to Blue. You can change to your taste in system settings and skin settings

1.8a Update-
Did not increase build number just added more Color Themes. Update if you wish

1.8 Update-
To update goto Dabs19wiz under favorites/submenu/wizard/buildmenu..
Fixed - Random RD failures.. example, some boot-ups RD would not respond
Added - Colours ( interface menu ) and tweaked Silvo themes
Added - KodiVerse and Shazam to favorites sub-menu
Added - MEtv section to 1clicks.. Older Content
Added -  WIZARD UPGRADES - Speed test, local backup and restore of builds
Added - Replay Zone to sports sub-menu
Removed - Add That Source.. Addon is closed

1.7 Update-
Removed Oath
Removed Kodiverse from Favorites
Added Kodiverse to Submenu in Tv and Movies
Added Horoscope addon in Program addons
Added Otaku and updated Kaito
Added Shazam Fast 1 click addon and replacement for Oath
Added BACKGROUND button to submenu to make it easy to swap BGs
Added New button for RD and other services Authorization
Added RealDebrid Mod to Submenu
Added a Background rotation of 8 BGs
Added New wizard with better backup and restore features

1.6 Update-
Added - FEN back to addons
Added - FEN to movie and Tv Show widgets
Added - FEN trakt and RD auth to Favorites
Changed  - Few Display settings to FEN

1.5 Update-
Removed dead repos
Added api keys to OATH

1.4 Update - 
Added - LBRY addon so you can watch my videos uploaded to ODYSEE ( In Fav sub-menu ) 
Changed - Movie and TV Widget to Oath so stop the "Updating Metadate" msg 

1.3.1 Update- *Small edit to Youtube keys and removed 1 submenu item in 1 click.. Kept same ver number*
REMOVED Cocodab, dabscope, Q Continuum, goto, xstream due to those addons being shut down
ADDED - KodiVerse and all the addons inside it ( 12+ addons )
ADDED - New RD authorize for shadown addons and CREW addon
ADDED - Changed background which I will each do update, if you want a different one watch video I made to change to 100+ on my server
ADDED - Sub-menus Torque, Patriot, Magic Dragon
ADDED - New widgets paths and Kodiverse widget to favorites
ADDED - Search button in sub.. One for Oath and One using Shadow scrapers ( KV ) 


1.2 Update- If you want newest build go to Dabs19wiz and click BUILDS
UPDATED Dabs19Wiz. Now clears packages on boot. This can be changed by end user
Added Goto, Xstream, Loop addons
Added some Repos
Removed Fen from installed addons. The repo is still there but removed because of reported bugs it keeps having
Added color to On Screen Display to help you see buttons better